---
layout: post
title: Recharging Growth in China | Davos 2024 | World Economic Forum
description: Recharging Growth in China | Davos 2024 | World Economic Forum
date: 2024-01-25 15:01:35 +0300
author: admin
image: '/images/53469560178_96f2de4b02_k.jpg'
video_embed: https://www.youtube.com/embed/Nx1C39k8WOg
tags: [video]
featured: true
---
Due to factors such as an aging population, slowing productivity, and significant challenges facing the private sector, China's growth engine appears to be slowing down.

Rather than seeking a quick boost, the focus should be on high-quality development. How can we solidify the economic foundation, drive growth, and avoid falling into the middle-income trap in the long term?

The World Economic Forum is an international organization for public-private cooperation. The forum invites the most important political, business, cultural, and other societal leaders to participate in shaping global, regional, and industry agendas. We believe that progress can be made by bringing together individuals from various sectors who have the drive and influence to effect positive change.

The 54th Annual Meeting of the World Economic Forum will provide an important space for us to focus on the fundamental principles that drive trust, including transparency, consistency, and accountability.

This year's annual meeting will welcome government representatives from over 100 countries, all major international organizations, 1,000 forum partners, as well as civil society leaders, experts, young representatives, social entrepreneurs, and the media.

The World Economic Forum is an international organization for public-private cooperation. The forum invites the most important political, business, cultural, and other societal leaders to participate in shaping global, regional, and industry agendas. We believe that progress can be made by bringing together individuals from various sectors who have the drive and influence to effect positive change.